Add OCI Mode section to course (#5)
sylabs/singularity101: oci-intro.md

# 📄 OCI Mode and Interoperability

> The Open Container Initiative (OCI), is a project aimed at creating

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Open Containers Initiative (OCI), is a project aimed at creating
```

open industry standards around container formats and runtime. The main
goal of OCI is to ensure that containers are portable across different
platforms and compatible with other container runtimes.

> In SingularityCE 4.0, OCI mode is introduced to support this interoperability

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In SingularityCE 4.0, OCI mode was introduced to support these interoperability
```

> standard, and in SingularityCE 4.1 will now build images from Dockerfiles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
standards, and in SingularityCE 4.1 it is now also possible to build images from Dockerfiles.
```
